feat(changelog): jobs-fixed-created-at-and-started-at 2024-09-20 (#3733)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2024/2024-09-20-jobs-fixed-created-at-and-started-at.mdx

---

> title: Created At and Started At

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Creation and starting dates
```

status: fixed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #serverless-jobs channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-09-20
category: serverless
product: jobs
---

> On Scaleway Console on Serverless Jobs Runs on some places the created_at date was displayed instead of started_at date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Scaleway console the `created_at` date appeared instead of the `started_at` date for some Serverless Jobs runs. The bug is now fixed.
```
